# Journal
The question of the value of showing your work with history feels related to how I've been taught to show my work with journalism. For all info that's not common knowledge, we're supposed to give our sources or say how we otherwise got found things out. All that attribution can feel a bit clunky but it's definitely worth the accountability. I think the same would apply to history, both digital and "regualar".

I remember even as a child wondering how we know so much detail about what happened in the past. Even with "basic" or well-known facts, like the details of a battle during World War I, how do we know all this today? Whose account is this based on? What documents or artifacts is this based on? This is something I've never once seen explored in a history textbook or class. Everything is just presented like a definite fact. Showing how historians come to the conclusions they do would allow people to decide for themselves what they can accept as pretty certain and not open to interpretation, and what they can't. And I think this would be valuable whether historians are working with physical archives or other primary sources, or digitally. It might be easier for digital historians, since they would have already had to create the "behind the scenes" soft history (e.g. the maps from the reading) in a way that other people can view and understand, whereas non-digital historians might have to put more effort into showing their work. 

With the readings specifically, the journalism comparison might not be totally accurate, since Baker writes that "my thinking – and subsequent source analysis – flowed from constructing them" and he didn't reference them directly, while journalistic attribution is more direct. But I still think it's useful that he at least published them somewhere. A benefit of putting history online is that links can be used for things like these instead of cluttering up a main page with only tangentally related content. I know it's certainly useful with news articles (linking to sources that are more loosely related) and I'm sure it's done with history as well, but I think it should be used more to show how the work was done. 

